c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.exe
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.deps.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Namotion.Reflection.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.NewtonsoftJson.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.Yaml.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Core.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Core.Yaml.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Generation.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Generation.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\YamlDotNet.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\browser-wasm\nativeassets\net8.0\e_sqlite3.a
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-ppc64le\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\maccatalyst-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\maccatalyst-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.WebApplication1.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.WebApplication1.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.WebApplication1.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.WebApplication1.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebApplication1.styles.css
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppli.7D14BD69.Up2Date
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.exe
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.deps.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Namotion.Reflection.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.NewtonsoftJson.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NJsonSchema.Yaml.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Core.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Core.Yaml.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Generation.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSwag.Generation.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\YamlDotNet.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\browser-wasm\nativeassets\net8.0\e_sqlite3.a
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-ppc64le\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\maccatalyst-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\maccatalyst-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.WebApplication1.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.WebApplication1.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.WebApplication1.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.WebApplication1.props
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebApplication1.styles.css
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebAppli.7D14BD69.Up2Date
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\WebApplication1.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\anaps\OneDrive\Documentos\Topicos Especiais\Livraria back\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\WebApplication1.dll
